welcome to performance unlimited on the
title today we have one of our 383 400
horsepower small-block Chevy
combinations this thing features an
eagle rotating assembly hydraulic roller
camshaft and Comp Cams fully roller
rockers Manley push rods Pro Comp
cylinder heads and rock air gap manifold
with a 750 an overall operator sitting
on some we run an MSD Billet distributor
this combination channel smart plug
wires that are normally have caller max
for the customer this one happens to
have a large serpentine system on it
with alternator and power steering and
it's a really nice package I mean this
thing just going out at 430 horsepower
and 415 foot pounds of torque it's a
real nice package it's got plenty of
torque you can even put it in something
a little bit heavier like a pickup truck
or a heavier you know type of street
strip car anyway any questions there was
a cool 102 six seven three nine two four
zero and thanks for tuning in to
performance on the minute
okay brother there you have it pretty
much make up 440 horsepower or most
popular entry combinations I mean
everybody that gets one is extremely
happy with it I'm sure you will be too
have any questions about installation
please give Steve a call thank you for
your agent purpose and remember the
proof is in the performance